200 OK
The request succeeded. The result and meaning of "success" depends on the HTTP method:

GET: The resource has been fetched and transmitted in the message body.
HEAD: Representation headers are included in the response without any message body.
PUT or POST: The resource describing the result of the action is transmitted in the message body.
TRACE: The message body contains the request as received by the server.

201 Createt 
The request succeeded, and a new resource was created as a result. This is typically the response sent after POST requests, or some PUT requests.

202 Accepted
The request has been received but not yet acted upon. It is noncommittal, since there is no way in HTTP to later send an asynchronous response indicating the outcome of the request. It is intended for cases where another process or server handles the request, or for batch processing.


301 Moved Permanently
The URL of the requested resource has been changed permanently. The new URL is given in the response.


307 Temporary Redirect
The server sends this response to direct the client to get the requested resource at another URI with the same method that was used in the prior request. This has the same semantics as the 302 Found response code, with the exception that the user agent must not change the HTTP method used: if a POST was used in the first request, a POST must be used in the redirected request.


400 Bad Request
The server cannot or will not process the request due to something that is perceived to be a client error (e.g., malformed request syntax, invalid request message framing, or deceptive request routing).


401 Unauthorized
Although the HTTP standard specifies "unauthorized", semantically this response means "unauthenticated". That is, the client must authenticate itself to get the requested response.


403 Forbidden
The client does not have access rights to the content; that is, it is unauthorized, so the server is refusing to give the requested resource. Unlike 401 Unauthorized, the client's identity is known to the server.


404 Not Found
The server cannot find the requested resource. In the browser, this means the URL is not recognized. In an API, this can also mean that the endpoint is valid but the resource itself does not exist. Servers may also send this response instead of 403 Forbidden to hide the existence of a resource from an unauthorized client. This response code is probably the most well known due to its frequent occurrence on the web.


500 Internal Server Error
The server has encountered a situation it does not know how to handle. This error is generic, indicating that the server cannot find a more appropriate 5XX status code to respond with.

 
502 Bad Gateway
This error response means that the server, while working as a gateway to get a response needed to handle the request, got an invalid response.


503 Service Unavailable
The server is not ready to handle the request. Common causes are a server that is down for maintenance or that is overloaded. Note that together with this response, a user-friendly page explaining the problem should be sent. This response should be used for temporary conditions and the Retry-After HTTP header should, if possible, contain the estimated time before the recovery of the service. The webmaster must also take care about the caching-related headers that are sent along with this response, as these temporary condition responses should usually not be cached.